# AgentMove: Predicting Human Mobility Anywhere Using Large Language Model based Agentic Framework
Human mobility prediction plays a crucial role in various real-world applications. Although deep learning based models have shown promising results over the past decade, their reliance on extensive private mobility data for training and their inability to perform zero-shot predictions, have hindered further advancements. Recently, attempts have been made to apply large language models (LLMs) to mobility prediction task. However, their performance has been constrained by the absence of a systematic design of workflow. They directly generate the final output using LLMs, which limits the potential of LLMs to uncover complex mobility patterns and underestimates their extensive reserve of global geospatial knowledge. In this paper, we introduce AgentMove, a systematic agentic prediction framework to achieve generalized mobility prediction for any cities worldwide. In AgentMove, we first decompose the mobility prediction task into three sub-tasks and then design corresponding modules to complete these subtasks, including spatial-temporal memory for individual mobility pattern mining, world knowledge generator for modeling the effects of urban structure and collective knowledge extractor for capturing the shared patterns among population. Finally, we combine the results of three modules and conduct a reasoning step to generate the final predictions. Extensive experiments on mobility data from two sources in 12 cities demonstrate that AgentMove outperforms the best baseline more than 8\% in various metrics and it shows robust predictions with various LLMs as base and also less geographical bias across cities. 

[Paper](./assets/AgentMove_arxiv.pdf)

Codes coming soon!
